it's just too
miles apart
who closed who knows
judge
two
we can't
what is going on guys it is echo and
welcome back to my channel now today
this is a truly amazing minecraft xbox
360 map now there is a download link in
the description this map is truly
awesome i hope you did fully enjoy the
introduction just showing you what this
map is and what it has to offer now if
you remember my channel i was doing a
lot of recordings on a map called chunks
of Bible this is ten times more updated
than that it's very similar but it has
more chunks available and this one
actually does have an Enderdragon
available and so let's go over the wall
and see what it says it says welcome to
eight chunks by broadbent the world is
is empty apart from eight chunks there
are four other chunks in the distance
with different biomes your mission other
than surviving is to kill the Ender
Dragon good look and there is a YouTube
channel which will be in the description
along with a download for this map and
then it says here throw your map away
without opening it and use one of these
I'm in creative so I won't do that now I
want to know guys if we can smash 1,000
likes on this video I would bring you my
own survival series on this map so get
liking the video guys and leave a
comment down below now I'm just going to
quickly sleep because I want to be
daytime i want to show you everything
this map has to offer because it is
truly amazing guys it is so so different
from the other one i did show you and I
did fully enjoy it this one has like
ravines and there's a zombie in the way
and but this is the default island that
you spawn on I'm guessing that this is
your starter island fairly big lot of
trees so you shouldn't have to worry
about dying the only problem is there
isn't really too much of a food source
so you're gonna have to get a lot of
seeds and make some bread and go from
there now to my left we have a desert
biome or each one at the bottom of it it
is filled with bedrock so you can't mind
through it so you won't die and the
difference between this one and the
other one is there's no water between
this one so I'm guessing he did this
with a tool and because when you go to a
certain distance you will just die or
you will just hit the floor and but I
would love to make a brand new
series on this and I like this one a lot
because it has the stuff and which the
other one didnt over here we have a snow
biome I'm guessing which has a dog on it
it did have lots of piggies on it but I
guess they've gone then over here we
have a jungle biome which I'm very
looking forward to exploring now like I
said guys there is a download that I
want you all to download this and take
part in this awesome journey and because
you guys can make your own videos you
can keep updated and compare where you
are up to with me and then over here we
just have a different buyer I think it's
maybe like a mushroom biome ore swamp
iron and then you can see here this has
an awesome ravine going for it so this
is an incredible design I mean massive
thanks to broadband who did design this
i think these maps are so enjoyable and
i will be bringing more map reviews on
my channel as the future goes by and i
did just spot diamonds right there and
so if i do play this at least I know
where two of them are but apart from
that guys if you want to see a brand new
series remember to hit that like button
of 1000 likes the next day I will bring
you the first episode I'm echo down the
links down below and have a great day